The reconstruction work was carried out by the government directly,
and the rest was carried out by the Tokyo, Kanagawa prefecture, and the Tokyo-Yokohama fishing district.
The government has received a large amount of support from the government.
The total amount of money spent on the whole project is nearly 800 million yen.
The reconstruction work is indeed complex and difficult,
with the scale being large and the second half being over.
Considering these points, I think it is a great work of coincidence in the urban construction market.
I believe that the reconstruction work of the entire Mennoku-Isshin has been carried out by the government
in the face of the great earthquake in the last six years.
However, there are many places where the people's self-awareness, cooperation, and the power of the people's body are also taken care of.
It is not only that the park of the entire nation is in a state of great difficulty for the new people,
but that the government's efforts are also given little.
In other words, the financial and industrial development are well harmonized and the application of the name is well-designed,
and all the latest science is well-supported,
and at the same time, the level of education and technology for the urban construction of our country has been increased.
The reconstruction work of the imperial capital, which is the starting point of the political and economic axis,
has been completed in secret, and has shown how well our people's ability has been able to withstand this great challenge.
In addition, in order to build a new city with no trouble,
we think that there is a greater opportunity for the people's efforts in the future.
Our country is now facing economic difficulties.
It is not a time to be at ease with the completion of the reconstruction work.
We must be ready for the development of the future.
In addition, the
people's spirit is not satisfied with the only reconstruction of the form.
We believe that we should take the form and spirit of the reconstruction
to the south of the country, where there is no such thing as a strict rule and a clear feature,
and that we should resist the restoration of form and spirit.
Thank you for watching.